Welcome back.
So how are we going to build this from scratch based on what we've learned so far.
Well we're going to use bootstrap for this because we just learned it and actually gave you some starter
files attached to the last lesson if we take a look.
That's right.
We had a header image.
We had an index a shim Alfa and then a style dot CSX file so you can open these make sure they're all
in the same folder.
I called mine start up with an exclamation mark because this is an exciting project and in our case
we'll use Sublime Text.
We should have something like this so we have our index dot asia I'll file our style dot CSX and then
our header image.
Now I filled in a few things for you just to get us started.
Nothing too crazy though.
Don't worry.
One is we've used some Google fonts so that we can use this monster at font which I think is kind of
nice from the Google fonts and we enable that in our style sheet by saying body and HMO.
I want to make sure that the font family has this setting.
If not we'll use sans serif.
I've also set width and height for one hundred percent.
That's always something good to have to make sure that the body and HDMI all cover 100 percent of whatever
we see on the screen.
Next we have our bootstrap CSX from a C.D. and or a content delivery network.
And the reason I've added this year is that so you don't have to actually include a bootstrap file yourself
if I actually go to the bootstrap page and I go to Quasar you'll see that right here we can just copy
and paste this just like here with The Bootstrap CSX file.
So that way right away as soon as we copy and paste this line we have bootstrap available to us.
Now notice here how we have versions of bootstrap in this case has four point three point one.
Now this number as the time passes is going to get bigger and bigger because bootstrap is a constantly
evolving library as developers make updates.
But as long as you use a number higher than this everything in this project should work.
Like I said most of the time no matter when you're watching this video as long as you copy this or you
use my startup files everything should work.
And then finally we have our style sheet.
Nothing new here right.
Because we've already seen this before we have our style dot assess File and our style file just has
this for now.
We also have our header image which again is a nice little laptop image for our startup landing page.
Now this is the Web site over here that is completely blank because we have nothing in the body.
So let's just have a header Wanda says Hulu right here.
Save it and refresh.
Look at that we have.
Hello.
Now notice here how fast I did that I just pressed command are on my laptop which is a Mac.
If you have Windows it's control are to refresh the web page and you notice here that the font is being
applied once again because we have our font family CSX set.
So there's our page our setup and there is what we want to get to now if you want you can go off on
your own and try to attempt to built this from scratch yourself.
Otherwise I'll see you in the next video to actually get our page to look a little bit more like this
and less like this.
I'll see in the next one by.